Open your browser and visit google.com
    Visited to Google.com
    Visited duckduckgo.com
    Visited bing.com

In the search box start typing the title of this lecture "Introduction to text ..."
    Google.com = By searching in Google the above title about 10 searches come infront of screen.
    duckduckgo.com = By searching in duckduckgo 8 searches comes infront of us.
    bing.com = By searching in bing 8 searches comes infront.
    
Notice as you continue typing a list of suggestion appears
     Google.com = A list of 10 suggestions comes infront.
     duckduckgo.com = A list of 8 suggestions comes forward.
     bing.com = Here also 8 suggestions comes infront.
    
What do you observe in the list of suggestion? Are there any patterns?
    In all of the search engines the Keywords given by us means to say that till the "text" element every search engine fallow to give the material. 
    Then after the "text" no any search engine fallow Pattern. So in my point of view, according to our demands it fallow any pattern after that it doesnot fallow. 

Which search engine's list of suggestion is better and why?
    I found Google.com as a better search engine because it gives us more suggestions then the other two ones.

observe the list of search results for "introduction to text analysis" on 3 search engines, google, duckduckgo and bing
    Google.com = Alomost 7 suggestions comes infront against this title with some how explaination in different fields & ways in usage.
    duckduckgo.com = It gives 2 suggestion list in front of us through which a person somehow surprise about his own search that either i am wrong or the engine is not exploring clearly to me.
     bing.com = This search engine also gives us 2 suggestions but is different from duckduckgo.com.

Do all search engines return the same result?
    No, all the three search engines doesn't return the same result.

Which site is listed in the top 5 results of all 3 search engines?
    "Introduction to text..." 

Do you think that the order of the websites in the search results is important?
    Some times the order is important but sometimes when having less information about your own question, this makes some what difficulties for users.

Try to find which mechanism / formula / algorithms are being used to order the results.
    Google.com = PageRank: PageRank (PR) is an algorithm used by Google Search to rank web pages in their search engine results.
                           PageRank is a way of measuring the importance of website pages.
    
    duckduckgo.com = While no one knows for sure what algorithms these companies use and how similar these algorithms are to the PageRank algorithm (which by the way is only a very very small part of Google’s current ranking algorithm).
    
    bing.com = The algorithm, called Space Partition Tree And Graph (SPTAG), is one of the most advanced AI tools used by Microsoft to better meet people’s evolving search needs.

